each department can reserve vehicles for its faculty, 
 A vehicle must be booked before it can be used.
the expected departure date, 
vehicle type required,
 destination and name of the authorised faculty member
The vehicle’s identification, 
the odometer readings at the start and end of the trip,
 maintenance complaints (if any), 
liters of fuel purchased (if any),
 and the NCU credit card number used to pay for the fuel .
 If fuel is purchased, the credit card receipt must be stapled to the trip completion form.
, the faculty member’s department is billed at a mileage rate based on the vehicle type used.
All vehicles at NCU must have annual maintenance by VMC, during which a number things need to be done (e.g., safety checking).
Each time a vehicle requires maintenance, a maintenance log entry is completed on a pre-numbered maintenance log form
The maintenance log form includes the vehicle identification,
a brief description of the type of maintenance required,
the initial log entry date, 
the date on which the vehicle back into service. (Only mechanics who have an inspection authorisation may release the vehicle back into service). 
As soon as the log form has been initialised, the log form’s number is transferred to a maintenance detail form;
 the log form’s number is also forwarded to the parts department manager.  
, who fills out a parts usage form on which the maintenance log number is recorded. 
The maintenance detail form contains separate lines for each maintenance item performed, for the parts used
identification of the mechanic who performed the maintenance item
the maintenance detail form is stapled to the maintenance log form, 
the maintenance log form’s completion date is filled out,
mechanic who releases the vehicle back into service signs the form. The stapled forms are then filled, 
to be used later as the source for various maintenance reports.
VMC maintains a parts inventory, including oil, oil filters, air filters and belts of various types.
The parts inventory is checked daily to monitor parts usage and to reorder parts that reach the ‘minimum quantity on hand’ level. 
To track parts usage, the parts manager requires each mechanic to sign out the parts that are used to perform each vehicle’s maintenance; 

 The reports include the mileage driven by vehicle, by department, and by faculty members with a department.
 In addition, various revenue reports are generated by vehicle and department.


